(please review) /en/extension/ (#1661)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/extension/writing-your-panel.md

});
```

Using the above code, the interface looks as follows:

![panel-01](./assets/panel-01.png)

## Interface layout

> The interface layout is done by writing CSS in `style`. In the above example, a simple layout of the interface was demonstrated. To become more familiar with CSS, please review the [W3 School's CSS Tutorial](http://www.w3school.com.cn/css/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interface layout is done by writing CSS in `style`. In the above example, a simple layout of the interface was demonstrated. To become more familiar with CSS, please review the [W3 School's CSS Tutorial](https://www.w3school.com.cn/css/index.asp).
```
